Update refreshments role for SR2023 (#183)
srobo/runbook: docs/competition/volunteers/refreshments.md

# Refreshments

It's important that volunteers stay nourished and hydrated, which can be difficult for those in roles which don't allow them to move. (Don't give refreshments to competitors).

**In SR2023, the refreshments are in the Volunteer Rest room, which is on level 2 past the toilets and to the left. Also water points are on both level 2 and 3 in the corner furthest from the toilets.**

It is the responsibility of the refreshments role to offer refreshments to all volunteers, especially those who can't leave their roles.

To do this, you should grab a tray, fill it with a mix of drinks and food, and go to all volunteer positions, offering refreshments.
Please also fill some cups with water from a nearby water fountain, and brew coffee/tea if available.

> People at these locations usually can't leave their posts to fetch refreshments for themselves, so it is important to take refreshments to them regularly:

Reviewer: Do we want to say something about there possibly being roles which may not be able to acknowledge the refreshments (e.g: livestream) and what to do (maybe just leave them some bottles of water if they don't have any, plus a selection of biscuits)?

- Tech desks
- Reception
- Helpdesk

> - Arena, both on the ground and on the balcony.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- Arena, both on the ground and on the balcony
```

> **Make sure you visit volunteers on the cube floor, in addition to those on the balcony, they were neglected last year!**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Make sure you visit volunteers on the cube floor, in addition to those on the balcony, they were often forgotten last year!**
```
Makes it slightly less harsh?
